Why are you here?
inverse
How dare you hold a knife at Lord Shenhuang
Dad, what kind of god emperor?
I'm dealing with a fugitive
What are you doing with me?
Can you tell me who the fugitive is?
He dad
You didn't know he was a fugitive from Sauron Yoo
Broken hand dad
Why are you hitting me?
You devil
Do you know who you pointed the dagger at?
It's Miss Luo's family
I know he is the eldest lady of the Luo family
But he's also a fugitive from Sauron Yoo
His gang is nearby
Dad, hurry up and catch him
Where did the comrades come from?
I am his accomplice
Ah, what?
It was I who personally welcomed Miss Luo out of prison
I am not his accomplice who is
It's Li Wei, you have to dare to say one more word today
I'll cut your tongue out